________________________________
Amplitude  Created by Brian Kent
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
Thanks for Downloading Amplitude.


This font contains 20 Extra Characters.  To get the Extra Characters
to appear, all you need to do is Press and Hold the Alt key, then on
the Number Pad, type in the #s shown. When you release the Alt key
the Extra Character will appear.
_________________________________________________________
| the extra character = what to type = actual character |
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
A = Alt+0205 = [Í]
I = Alt+0206 = [Î]
N = Alt+0207 = [Ï]
V = Alt+0208 = [Ð]
b = Alt+0209 = [Ñ]
d = Alt+0210 = [Ò]
d = Alt+0211 = [Ó]
h = Alt+0212 = [Ô]
i = Alt+0213 = [Õ]
i = Alt+0214 = [Ö]
j = Alt+0215 = [×]
j = Alt+0216 = [Ø]
k = Alt+0217 = [Ù]
l = Alt+0206 = [Î]
v = Alt+0218 = [Ú]
7 = Alt+0219 = [Û]
9 = Alt+0220 = [Ü]
9 = Alt+0221 = [Ý]
! = Alt+0222 = [Þ]
& = Alt+0223 = [ß]

If you have any questions or comments, you can e-mail me at
kentpw@norwich.net

You can visit my Homepage <ÆNIGMA GAMES & FONTS> at
http://www.aenigmafonts.com/


________________
INSTALLING FONTS
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
  There's a couple of ways to install Fonts. The 'easy' way to
install fonts is to just Unzip/place the font file [.ttf] into your
Windows\Fonts directory (I always use this method). If you're unable
to do it the 'easy' way, then try to do it this way (for Windows
95/98/NT):

1] Unzip the Font(s) to a folder (or somewhere, just remember where
you unzipped it) on your Computer.

2] Next, click on the START button, then select SETTINGS then
CONTROL PANEL.

3] When the Control Panel Window pops up, Double Click on FONTS.

4] When the FONTS window pops up, select File then Install New Font...

5] A Add Fonts window will pop up, just go to the folder that you
unzipped the Font(s) to, select the Font(s) and then click on OK.
Now the Font(s) are installed.

  Now you can use the Font(s) in programs the utilize Fonts.  Make
sure that you install the font(s) first, then open up your apps
(so the app will recognize the font).    Sometimes you'll have to
wait until you computer 'auto-refreshes' for programs to recognize
fonts (Windows is sometimes slow to do that).  You can refresh your
computer quicker by going into Windows Explorer -or- My Computer and
press F5 (or in the menubar select VIEW then REFRESH).


__________
DISCLAIMER
¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯¯
-The font(s) in this zip file were created by me (Brian Kent).  All
of my Fonts are Freeware, you can use them any way you want to
(Personal use, Commercial use, or whatever).

-If you have a Font related site and would like to offer my fonts on
your site, go right ahead. All I ask is that you keep this text file
intact with the Font.

-You may not Sell or Distribute my Fonts for profit or alter them in
any way without asking me first.  [e-mail -  kentpw@norwich.net]
